Document commit timeout and shutdown (#5418)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/log-management/otel-service.md

## Known limitations

> There are a few limitations on the log management setup in Quickwit 0.7:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few limitations on the log management setup in Quickwit 0.9:
```

> - The ingest API does not provide High-Availability and High-Durability. This will be fixed in 0.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ingest API does not provide high-durability. This will be fixed in 0.10.
```
